Title: Working on Google Drive to Make Spreadsheets and Notes.

1. Creating a Google Account:
Step 1: Open Google Chrome
Step 2 : go to the [Google Account Creation 
Page](https://accounts.google.com/signup). 
Step 3: Enter your name
Step 4: Enter your birthday and gender
Step 5: Create a Gmail address for signing in to your Google Account
Step 6: Create a strong password.
Step 7: Enter your phone number for verification.
Step 8: Google will send a verification code via SMS. Enter the code 
when prompted
Step 9: Provide a recovery email
Step 10: Agree to the terms and conditions.
Step 11: Your Google account will be created, and you'll be redirected 
to your Google dashboard


A)For Google Sheets:
Step 1: Open Google Chrome
Step 2: search for google account sign in
Step 3: click on the google apps
Step 4: click on the google drive
Step 5: On the Google Drive home page, click the + New button in the top-left 
corner.
Step 6: From the dropdown menu, select Google Sheets
506 Lab on Cloud Computing Page No
(Or) Search Google Sheets on the browser and click on the official link of Google 
Workspace
Step 7: Sign in to Google Sheets and select a blank document.
Step 8: A new spreadsheet will open in a new tab. You can start editing it by 
entering data into the cells.
Step 9: Make a random table.
Step 10: Rename the document as needed.
Step 11: click on “in my Drive” option.
Step 12: Now create a folder by clicking on the button on bottom left 
of dialog box
Step 13: Open the folder and click on “Move” button:
Step 14: Click on move :
Step 15: Practical has finished, now you can see the folder with the file 
created in your respective Google Drive account


b)For Google Docs:
Step 1: Open Google Chrome
Step 2: search for google account sign in
506 Lab on Cloud Computing Page No
Step 3: click on the google apps
Step 4: click on the google drive
Step 5: On the Google Drive home page, click the + New button in the top-left 
corner.
Step 6: From the dropdown menu, select Google Docs
(or) Search Google Sheets on the browser and click on the official link 
of Google Workspace
Step 7: select a blank document.
Step 8: Open it and write a random paragraph
Step 9: Rename the document as needed.
Step 10: click on “in my Drive” option:
Step 11: click on “in my Drive” option:
506 Lab on Cloud Computing Page No
Step 12: Now create a folder by clicking on the button on bottom left :
Step 13: Click on move :
Step 14: Practical has finished, now you can see the folder with the file 
created in your respective Google Drive account.