
Title: Introduction to Amazon AWS S3:


Step-by-Step Instructions:
Step 1: Go to Google.
Step 2: Search for the official AWS website (or directly go to 
aws.amazon.com).
Step 3: Once you're on the official AWS website, click on "Create an AWS 
account" at the top right.
Step 4: Enter your root user email address and AWS account name, then click 
on "Verify email address"
Step 5: Enter the verification code that you received in your email.
Step 6 : Set a password for your AWS account and confirm it by 
entering it again.
Page No.
Step 7 : Fill in your contact information (full name, phone number, 
address, etc.).
Step 8: Enter your billing information (credit/debit card number, etc.).
Step 9: Ensure your card has domestic e-commerce transactions 
activated. If it's not activated, you won't be able to complete the signup 
process.

(If you can enter the AWS cloud)
Once domestic e-commerce transactions are activated, you can 
successfully enter the AWS cloud platform.


Step 1: Now you are in the AWS Management Console (Dashboard).
Step 2: In the search bar at the top left, type S3 
Step 3: select S3 from the dropdown.
Step 4: On the Amazon S3 page, click on "Create bucket".
Page No.
Step 5: In the Create bucket page, 
Step 6: choose an AWS Region (select the region closest to you), 
Step 7: Enter a name for your bucket (make sure it is globally unique).
Step 8: Scroll down to the Block Public Access section. Uncheck the box to allow public 
access (if you want your site to be publicly accessible).
Step 9: Scroll down and click on "Create bucket".
Step 10: You will see a message indicating that the bucket was successfully created.
Step 11: Click on the name of the newly created bucket.
Step 12: In the bucket, click on "Upload" to upload your website files (HTML, CSS, 
etc.)..
Step 13: Click on "Add files" to upload your files.
Step 14: Select your HTML and CSS files and click "Open".
Step 15: Click "Upload" to upload the files to your bucket.
Step 16: A pop-up will appear, showing that the upload was successful.
Step 17:Click "Close" to return to the bucket page. 
Step 18:Back in the bucket page
Step 19: Go to the "Permissions" tab in your bucket settings.
Step 20: Scroll down to the Bucket Policy section and click "Edit".
Step 21:By default, access is private. You need to add a bucket policy 
to make the files public
Step 22: Click on the save Changes
Step 23: Bucket policy
Step 24: Click on Edit
Step 25: Generate the policy: Paste the following code into the Bucket Policy 
Step 26:Click on the Save Changes
Step 27:Back in the bucket page
Step 28: Click on the name of the newly created bucket.
Step 29:Click on the upload the files on your bucket.
Step 30:Object url is there click on that
Step 31:You can access you file
